# Password Generator/Validator
#### Video Demo: https://youtu.be/dsBhdHTOSXE
#### Description: My project is a password generator/validator. This program will either generate a password for the user, or return a score along with feedback on the strength of a users password, depending on what the user wants. All passwords generated will contain a minimum of 10 characters, at least one lowercase letter, at least one uppercase letter, at least one numerical digit, and at least one special character. These are also the requirements of a strong, secure password that the validator will check for in a user's password. The password generator will ask the user if they would like a simpler password which contains a 5 letter English word along with the reqiurements, or if they would like a complex password which returns a completely randomized string of 12 characters. The password validator asks the user for a password to validate, and depending on the password's security the program will score it out of 10 to indicate how strong it thinks the user's password is, along with some basic feedback if needed. The validator will check passwords to make sure that they fit the following reqiurements: there is at least between 10 and 12 characters in the password, at least one uppercase letter, at least one lowercase letter, at least one numerical digit, and at least one special character. If a user sends their password for validation and it fits all of these reqiurements, they will recieve a perfect 10/10 score from the program. The user can respond with 'Q' to any question if they wish to exit the program. This program gave me a lot of insight into the process of designing a program from scratch designed for other users, as you have to account for all possible exceptions. Whenever the user responds to a question from the program with an invalid response format, the system will simply let them know it was an invalid input and to respond correctly next time, before reprompting the user. I created three test functions in the unit test for my project, which test the three functions I used in my program. These unit tests helped me test possible exceptions as inputs for the program, allowing me to adjust my program to work against all possible user responses. Overall, this final project was a culmination of the knowledge I gained during CS50P, and how I can learn to apply this knowledge to solve problems on my own terms. Thank you for taking the time to check out my project! #CS50P